Well, I've officially taken the leap and hereby dub my project #Northernfox. 

This will be my unofficial post for keeping you updated with progress and frustrations. 

Here's my backstory on getting to this point. 

Originally, I'm an Icon A5 deposit holder. But, short story short - when they basically doubled the cost I decided no way. I have 2 kids to put through school. 

Back in November/December there was a KF6 completed that came up for sale about 5 hours from me. I talked to the owner and was trying to arrange looking at it. However, my knowledge was very limited at the time and I was slow to act. Poof, it was gone.

After poking my nose around here for a few months I made my decision that Kitfox was the way to go and opportunity came at just the right time. I had literally just received back my final quote on a new 7 when that evening my phone dinged with a hit on a kitfox kit for sale. Not wanting to loose out (a second time) I was on the phone in minutes. 

After a chat on the phone that night I decided it was worth looking at. It wasn't a 7, but one of the first model 6's. I called a friend currently building a 7 who's also been building for the last 20 years and asked if he wanted to take a drive. Next day we were on the road. 

We spent several hours going over the kit, looking at the workmanship and making sure there were no scratches, dings or otherwise that would instantly turn us away. There wasn't. There were/are a few things that needed slight fixing/cleaning up, but only minor things. My friend has an eye for what to look for (I don't) so I'm glad he came along. Long story short, questions were asked and decisions made. I decided it was worth it. It's in great condition, lots has already been completed, it gets me months ahead of the game (current estimated shipping of a new kit is end of Sept 2018), and the price was right - delivery included. 

After a few hours of packing it onto the trailer and making sure everything was secure we headed home. The stress wasn't over as delivery would be the next day. Until it was safe in my shop I was going to be worried. But, the next day 10am it arrived. The biggest trouble was getting stuck in the yard trying to turn the trailer around to unload. Everything else appeared to be fine after the trip. A little bit of rubbing from rope used to hang the wings, but only minor. 

Now, it begins. Will inventory the hardware and figure out if and what might be missing. There are several items I will be selling as I don't need/want them. 

My biggest hurdle right now is I have to finish the basement reno before I can start on this  

I'm sure a few might be upset that i snatched it up (sorry but not sorry).
